Release Notes PF2e 7.11.0 (#21651)
foundryvtt/pf2e: CHANGELOG.md

- (Dire Weasel) Add deadly d4 and d6 traits
- (Dire Weasel) Add roll options to Frightful Presence inline saves
- (Dire Weasel) Add some inline links to Concealed condition
- (Dire Weasel) Brush up and update automation for multiple types of dragons
- (Dire Weasel) Brush up Hell Hound Pack and Vordine Legion
- (Dire Weasel) Brush up Variable Gravity spell and effect
- (Dire Weasel) Fix automation for Leech-Clip effect
- (Dire Weasel) Fix missing automation for some instances of Troop Spellcasting
- (Dire Weasel) Fix Shokasura's Thorn attack effect
- (Dire Weasel) Fix some missing compendiumSources
- (Dire Weasel) Fix striking alteration on Effect: Invoke Offense
- (Dire Weasel) Remove FotRP Peng and redirect to LO copy
- (Dire Weasel) Remove some inline damage rolls handled by automation
- (Dire Weasel) Tidy descriptions of Clear Mind, Sound Body, and Disappearance
- (DocSchlock) Fix True Hypercognition action cost
- (kromko) Add slug to Urthagul's jaws strike to fix Fulcrum Lens effect not working properly when the Strike name is translated
- (kromko) Straighten single quotes and fix minor whitespace issues
- (Longstrider) Add Resilient trait description

> - (Mose) Dragged to the Depths: typo Refex -> Reflex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Mose) Fix inline check typo on Dragged to the Depths' Reflex save
```

- (rectulo) Add details to Hryngar Sharpshooter notes
- (rectulo) Fix spelling of 'jah-tohl' in Collect Brain description
- (Rigo) Relabel Taunt's DC penalty toggle to be clearer about its function

> - (Rigo) Tag Riddle the Sphinx feat as a body ikon feat- (kromko) Fix Escaped from Time initiative predicate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Rigo) Tag Riddle the Sphinx feat as a body ikon feat
- (kromko) Fix Escaped from Time initiative predicate
```
